# DriverPass
System analysis of a student driver learning assistance app
Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The DriverPass system was designed to be implemented to help students learn and prepare for driving exams and tests by providing a platform to have mock tests and driving practice appointments. 
What did you do particularly well?
The charts portraying the flow of the system and how it interacts with the different agents using the system (like the driver, student, and admin). Showing how the system can allow the different users to unteract with one another and what processes they can access based on what role they play.
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
One thing I couldn't portray as well as I could have is how the package system works, showing in one of my diagrams due ot its limitations that a user must sign in and always choose a package. i put a note that if the user has a current and active package this can be skipped but I wish I showed it better in the chart at first glance.
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
The user in this case needs to be able to set appointments, sign into their account, and take practice exams while receiving live feedback from each one. I designed my system to alow the user to seemlessly do these things by having the system communicate to the database where most of this information is stored. For example, on the backend the admin and drivers are pre-setting aapointment times that are already agreed upon therefore the customer can choose from a list rather than having back and forth than can become tedious or confusing. 
How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
I always first foucs on creating the framework of the system: establishing requirements, making a aplan, codin gmodularly, and regularly testing after each updaste. Then, once the system has its framewokr I put the face on, or the user interface, that communicates clearly to the user what's happening but in basic terms as most people who use the system likely won't be programmers and understand what's happening by going through the code line by line. Being clear and showing why a system may not have worked as expected helps the customer from thinking the system is broken entirely and prevents frustrastion.
